l

ΞΜ INDUorlo.

by the writer, while in fect it doec uo more than
follow the line which is, as it were, arbitrarily
marked out for it. .

These circumstances retard the progress of this
brauch of metaphysical soience, so thet it still eon·
tinues and probably will long continue to he in a
state of much imperfectioo.

3. Physica! Induction consiste in the right use of
ohservation end experiment in regard to external
objects; and the deductiou of correct infereoces
from them. The most simple process of physical
induction is to watch the uubiassed operatione of
nature. But the results derived from such obser-
vation must frequently require to be confirmed by
experiments3 by which nature is (if we may so
speak) compelled to perform her operatione under
those circumstances and limitatione which man
sees fit to prescribe. This is usually a long and
lahorious process; but it is necessary for the in·
vestigation of truth. The operatione of nature are

sometimes too magnififfint and extensive for the

grasp of our contrac senses3 but experiments
reduce these operatione, as it were, to a miniature
form, so as to enable the philosopher to trace at
one view their nature, causes, and consequences.
They are at other times too subtle, too rapid‚ or
too secret to be ohserred; they require therefore to
be educed by particular experiments‚ and thus suh-
jected to the scrutiny of the senses.

Thus the geologist follows nature by a protracted
aud laborious research‚ wherever he may have op-
portunities of witnescing the interior formation of
the earth, or of receiving facts concerning it from
others. On the other hand the philosophical che-
mist makes nature display itself in his laboratory
by repeated experiments.

By meaos of observatiou aud experiment the nu·

 

