IN DUOTIO. 227

ln proportion, however, as our operations oi ab·

straction are more correct, scientific, and complete, . ἵ

‹lhey' approach mora nearly to the nature of in-
uotron.

An induction in which every individual case is
enumeratcd is a perfect demonstration. And in
general, the moro nearly we approach to the entire
enumeratiou, the higher is the degree of probability
attained by tho induction: provided, at least, that
no facts of an opposite tendeucy are discoverable;
or that if they occur, they are satisfactorily shown
not to be really inconsistent with the principle de-
duced. The great orror in induction is too great
haste in drawing a conclusion without having pre-
mised a sufficient number of individual cases. Many,
for example, if they have met with or heard of one
or two dislonest lawyers, or obserred a comet in a
warna summer, think themselves authorized to draw-
the sweeping inference, that all lawyers ore dis-
bonrrt, or alterneto occasion a marm reason. So,
because the carth r'r watered by rain from the clouds
r'n England, Franco, Spain, Italy, and every other
part os Europe ; and rte rame ir found to be the care
r‘n the carlom parte of Aria, Africa, and Amerina,
concerning which roe may bave rnadc enpniry, it might
be erroneously inferrerl that every parf (ᾔ the enrtlr
r's ro watered. Thus also, the medicine of an em·
pirio is supported by a published induction of the
many cures affected by it; which succeeds in delud-
ing those who forget to consider bow many cases are
not published: the majority of which, it may ba not
unreasonablo to suspect, wer'e failures. Correct ia-
duction therefore requires much patience, cantion,
and diligent investigation.

Induction is most frequently employed in the*
acquisition of physical rcience, in the prosecution of

 

