284 DEMONSTRATIONIS SPEOIES.

the evidence is conceived to be brought to the high-
est possible degree.

The term conec is here employed, not in its com-
mon signification, es denoting that which produces
or effecte any tbin95 but simply, sor stat which noe
conceive to be prior to onotder thinq in the order
os nature, and without the existence os which that
other tleinp could not ect'et. The two sennes ere
often coincident, bnt the letter comprehende the
former ns the genus os the species. Thus the in-
tervention of the earth between the sun end the
moon is, in both these seneen. the cause of a lunen
eclipse; but the parellelism of the opposite sides oi
parallelogram is, in the letter sense only, e ceute
ol the equality of tbe opposite sides and angles.

The terme demonstratione, knowledpe, evidence, dec.
ere veguely employed, not only in common usage,
butenen by philosophical writers. They are olten
{llllllll?llh‘lllhltll‘’llllhtltz
order, no inconvenience erises lrom such applice-
tion of the words. lt is only of importence in the
study ol each author, to uncertain es nearly as
possible in what sense heis in the habit of using
them. This is necessary to avoid ambiguity and
misepprehension.

 

