³64 PROMISGUOUS

and gives it an idea of which it was not before
possessed.

21.

Virtus has no tendency in itself toprovoke others
to jealousy; he who is provoked to jeslousy by it
shows himself possessed of a malignant spirit.

22.

The late war has thrown capital into new chan·
nels; whatever has this effect produces and ex-
tends various profitalrle branches of commercer
that which thus extends commerce employa capital
to great advantage. The effect of this profitable
employment of capital has been to raise up a vast
population‚ supported by means which cannot be
permanent. That which produces such an effect
must ultimately, as experience proves, throw back
that redundant population on the public in astate
incapable to procure work. This state of things
occasions the increase of poor rates, and the arti-
ficial mode of supplyin through them the defi-
ciency of weges. sind increase diminishes the
proper value of property and the means of support-
ing the population. Hence relisi is through neees-
llrtdl sgpltrelllpggledfrgtpvgpyregycitegl'giesczznttelptrtpnvffiagl
ever excites discontent promotep a spirit of disaf-
fection to government which is sure to be fostered
by insidious demagogues. The whole then of the
present distressing state of the country is to be
traced beck to the war as its cause and origin.
(Report of o speech in the Hour'o (ff torus, Nou.

23.

Sullae et Cresaris pecuniarum translatio a justis
dominis ad alienos non debet liberalis videri. Nihil

estl prpim liberale quodnon idem justum. (Cic. Off.
r. .

 

