PROPOSITIONUM. 181

lt amounts to ῑὶιίες All tlte children os Geel are
partalters os chastieement: therefore, hy contraposi-

tion, They who are not pertatem os choetieement are
net children os (iod.

2. Particular nepotive propositione moy also he
converted by negation or contraposition. The sen-
tence, Some sentimental persons are not benevoleat,
by affixing the particula infinitam to each of the
transposed terme, assumes the hersh but correct
form, Some non-benevolenti persone are-not non·
sentimental. Or by affixing the negative to the new
subject only, and changing the quality of the pro.
position, the converse will be thos expressed, Some
non-benevolenti persons are sentimental.

The process'of convertiog eparticolar negative
proposition by contraposition may be simplified hy
transferring the negative particle from the copula
to the predicate. The sentence is thus reduced to
:ttttttitiztttiitte ttsttittttttt
the original proposition. Thus the proposition, Some
jeroels are-not diamonds, is equivalent to, Some
jewels are not-diamond83 of which the simple con-
verse is, Same not-diamonds are jemele; thetis,
Some thinpe which are not diamonds are jewels. in
the same manner, because,

Somejieltes have no teeti, therefore,

Some animale without teeti arefislres.

Agnin: Some who are candidates for tte office of
directinp othere are not competent to repedate their
oron tempere, by contraposition becomeS, Some who
are not competent to repulate their own tempere are

candidates sor tlte office of directiny others.

Sorne eighty important dntiee cannot he accmnplielred
roillreat me merone os selfdenral ,· therefore,
Sorne tleinge rolriclr cannot be accompliehed militant

tlte onerent of relsdenial are highly important dntier. .

 

