SYLLOGISMS. 358
89.

Some virtuous persons enjoy much hilarity of
disposition ; all virtuous persons are temperate:
therefore all temperate persons enjoy much hilarity
of disposition.

40.

That which incure the hatred of the many is not
thereby proved to be necessarily bad ; the softer
virtues, as justice, temperance, and liberality, do not
3352'tltl³t¹5llllltftlln‘¹²⁰⁵⁰ lm ‘'¹⁶¹‘'

41.

Those things which depend on accident do not
admit of demonstration3 mathematica] conclusione
admit of demonstration: therefore mathematical
conclusione are not occidental.

te.

Some there are who refusa to indulge themselves
in unlawful pleasures; all men are naturally in·
clined to unlawful pleasures: therefore some who ,
are naturally so inclined refuse to indulge them-
selves in them.

43.

The acquisition of every science which is of any
real benefit among men requires attention and dili·
gente: but every science has many difficulties,
which cannot be overcome except by perseverance:
therefore some things which have difficulties such
as cannot be overcome but by perseverante, and
which require diligence and attention, are useful
sciences, and of real benefit to meu.

44.

The attainment of the utmost extent of learning
isan object of universal¹ (ἐρέω yet such an acqui-

 

